The question is as follows, choose the most possible choice or choices based on the question. You should evaluate the score of each choice independently and choose the top one or ones. Your answer should be given by the choice index ONLY, for example, 'A' or 'BCD'.
Instructions -
-> Enter Cisco IOS commands on device to verify network operation and answer for multiple-choice questions.
-> THIS TASK DOES NOT REQUIRE DEVICE CONFIGURATION.
-> Click the device icon to gain access to the console of the router. No console or enable passwords are required.
-> To access the multiple-choice questions, click the numbered boxes on the left of the top panel.
-> This task has four multiple-choice questions. Be sure to answer all four questions before clicking the Next button.
Scenario -
You are implementing PPP over serial links between R1 router and branch offices. In Phase 1 you must implement and verify PPP and GRE tunnel configurations as mentioned in the topology. In Phase 2 your colleague is expected to do NAT and ISP configurations between R1 and ISP router.
Identify the issues that you encounter during PPP over serial links implementation.
Routers Branch1, Branch2, and Branch3 connect to Router R1 in the main office over serial links.
PPP multilink implementation is recommended between R1 and Branch1 routers.
The GRE tunnel is configured between R2 and Branch2 routers, and traffic between Server farm1 10.10.10.0/24 network and Branch2 LAN 10.10.20.0/24 network, is routed over GRE tunnel using static route.
You have console access on R1, R2, Branch1, Branch2, and Branch3 devices. Use only show commands to troubleshoot the issues.
(The given image is here)
Which statement about the router configurations is correct?
Choice index: A Choice content: PPP PAP is authentication configured between Branch2 and R1.
Choice index: B Choice content: Tunnel keepalives are not configured for the tunnel0 interface on Branch2 and R2.
Choice index: C Choice content: The Branch2 LAN network 192.168.11.0/24 is not advertised into the EIGRP network.
Choice index: D Choice content: The Branch3 LAN network 192.168.10.0/24 is not advertised into the EIGRP network.
Choice index: E Choice content: PPP CHAP authentication is configured between Branch1 and R1.
