The question is as follows, choose the most possible choice or choices based on the question. You should evaluate the score of each choice independently and choose the top one or ones. Your answer should be given by the choice index ONLY, for example, 'A' or 'BCD'.
ABC, Inc. is a medium sized company, with an enterprise network (access, distribution and core switches) that provides LAN connectivity from user PCs to corporate servers. The distribution switches are configured to use HSRP to provide a high availability solution.
-> DSW1 "" primary device for VLAN 101 VLAN 102 and VLAN 105
-> DSW2 "" primary device for VLAN 103 and VLAN 104
-> A failure of GigabitEthemet1/0/1 on primary device should cause the primary device to release its status as the primary device, unless GigabitEthernet1/0/1 on backup device has also failed.
Troubleshooting has identified several issues. Currently all interfaces are up. Using the running configurations and show commands, you have been asked to investigate and respond to the following question.
(The given image is here)
(The given image is here)
(The given image is here)
During routine maintenance, GigabitEthernet1/0/1 on DSW1 was shut down. All other interfaces were up. DSW2 became the active HSRP device for VLAN 101 as desired. However, after GigabitEthemet1/0/1 on DSW1 was reactivated, DSW1 did not become the active router for VLAN 101 as desired. What needs to be done to make the group for VLAN 101 function properly?
Choice index: A Choice content: Enable preempt in the VLAN 101 HSRP group on DSW1.
Choice index: B Choice content: Disable preempt in the VLAN 101 HSRP group on DSW2"™s.
Choice index: C Choice content: In the VLAN 101 HSRP group on DSW1, decrease the priority value to avaluethatis less "˜ than the priority value configured in the VLAN 101 HSRP group on DSW2.
Choice index: D Choice content: Decrease the decrement value in the track command for the VLAN 101 HSRP group on U DSWTs to a values less than the value in the track command for the VLAN 101 HSRP group on DSW2.
